---
title: Permissões
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- exchange-online-permissions
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 7803d7c0-93e6-43a2-b2a4-3a39abe25500
description: Microsoft Exchange Online uses a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model to allow organization administrators to finely control what users and IT employees can do in the service. For example, if a compliance officer is responsible for mailbox search requests, the administrator can delegate this administrative feature to the officer through RBAC. Exchange Online uses the same RBAC framework as Microsoft Exchange Server 2013.
ms.openlocfilehash: 0593c98857a7ce0c487c628018097395d7a5fe50
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: pt-BR
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132685"
---
# <a name="permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="19b1c-105">Permissões</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-105">Permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-106">Microsoft Exchange Online uses a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model to allow organization administrators to finely control what users and IT employees can do in the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-106">Microsoft Exchange Online uses a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model to allow organization administrators to finely control what users and IT employees can do in the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-107">For example, if a compliance officer is responsible for mailbox search requests, the administrator can delegate this administrative feature to the officer through RBAC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-107">For example, if a compliance officer is responsible for mailbox search requests, the administrator can delegate this administrative feature to the officer through RBAC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-108">Exchange Online uses the same RBAC framework as Microsoft Exchange Server 2013.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-108">Exchange Online uses the same RBAC framework as Microsoft Exchange Server 2013.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-109">At its highest level, RBAC is made up of management roles, management role groups, and management role assignment policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-109">At its highest level, RBAC is made up of management roles, management role groups, and management role assignment policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-110">The following sections provide more information about each RBAC component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-110">The following sections provide more information about each RBAC component.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-111">Confira mais informações sobre o modelo de permissões do RBAC usado no Exchange Online em [Permissões](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271935).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-111">For more information about the RBAC permissions model that's used in Exchange Online, see [Permissions](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271935).</span></span>
  
## <a name="role-based-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="19b1c-112">Permissões baseadas em função</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-112">Role-based permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-113">In Exchange Online, the permissions that you grant to administrators and users are based on management roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-113">In Exchange Online, the permissions that you grant to administrators and users are based on management roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-114">A role defines the set of tasks that an administrator or user can perform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-114">A role defines the set of tasks that an administrator or user can perform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-115">For example, a management role called  `Mail Recipients` defines the tasks that someone can perform on a set of mailboxes, contacts, and distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-115">For example, a management role called  `Mail Recipients` defines the tasks that someone can perform on a set of mailboxes, contacts, and distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-116">When a role is assigned to an administrator or user, that person is granted the permissions provided by the role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-116">When a role is assigned to an administrator or user, that person is granted the permissions provided by the role.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-117">Existem dois tipos de funções, funções administrativas e de usuário final:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-117">There are two types of roles, administrative roles and end-user roles:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-118">**Funções administrativas** Essas funções contêm permissões que podem ser atribuídas a administradores ou usuários especialistas que utilizam grupos de funções que gerenciam uma parte da organização do Exchange Online, como destinatários, servidores ou bancos de dados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-118">**Administrative roles** These roles contain permissions that can be assigned to administrators or specialist users by using role groups that manage a part of the Exchange Online organization, such as recipients, servers, or databases.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-119">**Funções de usuário final** Essas funções, atribuídas por meio de diretivas de atribuição de função, permitem que os usuários gerenciem aspectos de suas próprias caixas de correio e grupos de distribuição de sua propriedade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-119">**End-user roles** These roles, assigned by using role assignment policies, let users manage aspects of their own mailboxes and distribution groups that they own.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-120">As funções de usuário final começam com o prefixo  `My`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-120">End-user roles begin with the prefix  `My`.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-121">Roles give administrators and users permissions to perform tasks by making cmdlets available to those who are assigned the roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-121">Roles give administrators and users permissions to perform tasks by making cmdlets available to those who are assigned the roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-122">Because the Exchange admin center (EAC) and Exchange Management Shell use cmdlets to manage Exchange Online, granting access to a cmdlet gives the administrator or user permission to perform the task in each of the Exchange Online management interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-122">Because the Exchange admin center (EAC) and Exchange Management Shell use cmdlets to manage Exchange Online, granting access to a cmdlet gives the administrator or user permission to perform the task in each of the Exchange Online management interfaces.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-123">The role-based permissions for Microsoft Online Services overlap with those of Exchange Online RBAC in two ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-123">The role-based permissions for Microsoft Online Services overlap with those of Exchange Online RBAC in two ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-124">First, users who are Global Administrators or Service Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Organization Management role group in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-124">First, users who are Global Administrators or Service Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Organization Management role group in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-125">Second, users who are Help Desk Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Help Desk role group in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-125">Second, users who are Help Desk Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Help Desk role group in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-126">Otherwise, the two security models are managed separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-126">Otherwise, the two security models are managed separately.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-127">Algumas funções disponíveis na versão local do Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 podem não estar disponíveis no Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-127">Some roles available in the on-premises version of Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 may not be available in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-128">Confira mais informações sobre permissões no Exchange Online em [Permissões Baseadas em Função](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271936).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-128">For more information about permissions in Exchange Online, see [Role-Based Permissions](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271936).</span></span>
  
## <a name="role-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="19b1c-129">Grupos de função</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-129">Role groups</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-130">Grupos de funções de Gerenciamento associam papéis de gerenciamento a um grupo de administradores ou usuários especialistas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-130">Management role groups associate management roles to a group of administrators or specialist users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-131">Os administradores gerenciam uma ampla configuração de organização ou destinatário do Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-131">Administrators manage a broad Exchange Online organization or recipient configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-132">Usuários especialistas gerenciam os recursos específicos do Exchange Online, como conformidade, ou podem ter recursos de gerenciamento limitados, como membros de Suporte Técnico, mas não recebem amplos direitos administrativos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-132">Specialist users manage the specific features of Exchange Online, such as compliance, or they may have limited management abilities, such as Help desk members, but aren't given broad administrative rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-133">Grupos de função geralmente associam funções de gerenciamento administrativo que permitem que administradores e usuários especialistas gerenciem a configuração de sua organização e seus destinatários.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-133">Role groups typically associate administrative management roles that let administrators and specialist users manage the configuration of their organization and recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-134">Por exemplo, grupos de função controlam se administradores podem gerenciar destinatários ou usar recursos de descoberta da caixa de correio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-134">For example, whether administrators can manage recipients or use mailbox discovery features is controlled by using role groups.</span></span> 
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-135">Alguns grupos de funções disponíveis na versão local do Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 podem não estar disponíveis no Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-135">Some role groups available in the on-premises version of Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 may not be available in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-136">Confira mais informações sobre grupos de funções em [Grupos de funções e políticas de atribuição de funções](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-136">For more information about role groups, see [Role groups and role assignment policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span></span>
  
## <a name="role-assignment-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="19b1c-137">Diretivas de atribuição de função</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-137">Role assignment policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-138">Management role assignment policies associate end-user management roles to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-138">Management role assignment policies associate end-user management roles to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-139">Role assignment policies consist of roles that control what users can do with their mailboxes or distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-139">Role assignment policies consist of roles that control what users can do with their mailboxes or distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-140">These roles don't allow management of features that aren't directly associated with the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-140">These roles don't allow management of features that aren't directly associated with the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-141">When you create a role assignment policy, you define everything a user can do with his or her mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-141">When you create a role assignment policy, you define everything a user can do with his or her mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-142">For example, a role assignment policy might allow a user to set the display name, set up voice mail, and configure Inbox rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-142">For example, a role assignment policy might allow a user to set the display name, set up voice mail, and configure Inbox rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-143">Another role assignment policy might allow a user to change the address, use text messaging, and set up distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-143">Another role assignment policy might allow a user to change the address, use text messaging, and set up distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-144">Every user with an Exchange Online mailbox, including administrators, is given a role assignment policy by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-144">Every user with an Exchange Online mailbox, including administrators, is given a role assignment policy by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-145">You can decide which role assignment policy should be assigned by default, choose what the default role assignment policy should include, override the default for certain mailboxes, or not assign any role assignment policies by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-145">You can decide which role assignment policy should be assigned by default, choose what the default role assignment policy should include, override the default for certain mailboxes, or not assign any role assignment policies by default.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="19b1c-146">Algumas atribuições de funções disponíveis na versão local do Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 podem não estar disponíveis no Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-146">Some role assignments available in the on-premises version of Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 may not be available in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-147">Confira mais informações sobre políticas de atribuição de funções em [Grupos de funções e políticas de atribuição de funções](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-147">For more information about role assignment policies, see [Role groups and role assignment policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="19b1c-148">Disponibilidade de recursos</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-148">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="19b1c-149">Para exibir a disponibilidade de recursos nos planos, nas opções autônomas e nas soluções locais, consulte [Descrição do serviço do Exchange Online](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="19b1c-149">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premises solutions, see [Exchange Online service description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span></span>
  

